Have you heard the term infrastructure as code?
This is where you stand up servers, databases,
runtime parameters, resources, etc,
based on scripts that you write.
Essentially, you are scripting out infrastructure which turns infrastructure into code.
This is a time-saving feature because it allows you to
provision or stand up resources in a reproducible way.
You are able to manage a collection of
related resources and treat them as one logical unit.
Let's say, in order to set up a development environment,
you have to do these steps;
configure a VPC security group,
launch an EC2 instance,
create load balancers, create an RDS instance, and create auto-scaling.
Instead of manually having to set up each of these resources individually,
you can write a script to create the resources for you in a repeatable way.
Infrastructure as Code is a great time saving feature.